Chapter 1

1. What is the difference between the Internet and the World Wide Web (WWW)?
The World Wide Web is the collection of websites and pages around the world; the internet is a worldwide set of computer networks that is
larger than the world wide web and also includes other services such as email.

3. What organization decides on standards for web pages and languages?
World Wide Web Consortium or W3C

5. Which of the following are legal IP addresses?
a) www.google.com
no
b) 150.135.1.150
yes
c) 123.456.789.10
no
d) 241.259.17.127
no
e) 10.0.0.1
yes

7. Name three major web browsers and one major web server program used today. Why does a website designer need to care about the different
 browsers used by visitors to the site?
	Web Browsers: Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Microsoft Edge
	Web Server: Apache
	It is important for a website designer to are about the different browsers because the web designer needs to make sure that their 
	web page can run well on all of them.

8. What would be the correct URL to download the file coralize.js from the folder /bin/bookmark/ on the server www.coralcdn.org.nyud.net
 on port 8080?
http://www.coralcdn.org.nyud.net:8080/bin/bookmark/coralize.js

9. What is the difference between an HTTP GET and POST request?
HTTP GET requests a file from server
HTTP POST submits form data to server

10. What does an HTTP error 403 mean? Why might you see an HTTP error 500?
403 means that you are forbidden to access this page
500 means there is an internal server error which could be because some part of the server is not configured correctly

Chapter 2

1. HTML should be used to describe the content of a web page. It should not be used for appearance.
3. Block elements describe an entire region of content. An example is paragraph. Inline elements affect a small amount of content. An example is bold.
4. An element encloses contents in between tags. Attributes are used to define the character of an HTML element. Example: <p align="center">
5. ul is unordered list where order doesn't matter. ol is ordered list where order matters.
6. The tag that can be nested in a table tag is tr. The tags that can be nested in a tr tag are td and th.
7. 
<head> Today's HTML lesson:<\head>
<p>To place a &lt in your page, write &amp;lt; in the HTML.
To show an &amp;, put &amp;amp; instead.<\p>
8. The element you can use to respect the whitespace in a piece of text is <pre>
9. Web standards are a general group of formal standards and technical specifications for various aspects of Web. You should follow the web standards because it helps the web page that you create work correctly on all browsers, and will allow the page to run better in the future. It also helps people with disabilities like blindness
12. The use of the meta tag is to describe metadata about the HTML document. The meta tag used for the search engine "snippet" is meta description.
